== MINGLE THEMES MACRO

This tool provides support for adding custom themes to your Mingle project.

== CAUTION

  BEFORE YOU DEPLOY ANYTHING TO YOUR MINGLE INSTANCE, PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT IT IS COMPLETELY SAFE. 
  THIS IS ESPECIALLY IMPORTANT IF THE MACRO WAS DEVELOPED BY A THIRD PARTY.  HERE IS A LIST OF 
  THINGS THAT YOU SHOULD LOOK OUT FOR. THIS LIST SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED COMPLETE, IT IS JUST A 
  REPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE.
      *    IF MINGLE RUNS AS A PRIVILEGED USER, THE MACRO COULD END UP DAMAGING THE HOST MACHINE
      *    THROUGH DIRECT SQL CALLS, RATHER THAN USING SUPPLIED MQL EXECUTION MECHANISM, 
           THE MACRO COULD GAIN ACCESS TO DATA THAT PEOPLE WOULD NORMALLY NOT BE AUTHORIZED TO SEE
      *    LENGTHY CALLS TO EXTERNAL SYSTEMS COULD TIE UP MINGLE RESOURCES AND LEAVE THE APP UNRESPONSIVE
      *    SYSTEM CALLS, IF USED, MUST BE INSPECTED AND WELL-UNDERSTOOD PRIOR TO DEPLOYMENT
      *    IF THE MACRO EMITS BAD JAVASCRIPT, YOU COULD BREAK BASIC FUNCTIONALITY ON THE MINGLE UI
      *    OTHER DATABASE ACTIVITY, SUCH AS TRANSACTION COMMITS, SHOULD BE MONITORED AND AVOIDED

== INSTALLATION

This Mingle custom macro requires Mingle 3.2 or greater.

Whenever installing a Mingle Macro you should be aware of the following:

To install this macro via a git clone:

  cd {mingle_root}/vendor/plugins
  git clone git://github.com/wpc/mingle_themes_macro.git

where #{mingle_root} is the location where Mingle 3.2 is installed. 

  * On Windows, this is the location that the installer installed Mingle at
  * On OSX, this will be within the app bundle, at <mingle_application_bundle>/Contents/Resources/app
  * On *NIX, this is the expanded archive

Once deployed, the server will need to be restarted in order for the macro to become available for use.

== USING THE MACRO

After completing the installation you can use the macro via the following markup on your project's Special::ActionsHeader page:

{{ themes name: christmas }}

== CREATING NEW THEMES

== LICENSE:

See the LICENSE file for a copy of the license.

Copyright 2010 ThoughtWorks, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
